Oh
so what we're going to do now is talk
about the basic forehand volley ready
position like on the other strokes belly
button grip you can extend your finger
just a little bit feet shoulder-width or
a little bit wider the racket is facing
towards my left ear this would be for a
one-handed backhand volley this will be
for a two-handed backhand volley only
difference is sliding my hand down for
the one with it up for two two ready
position this is ready position for a
one-handed backhand for the two-handed
backhand volley I just slide my hand
down so again
one-handed backhand volley two-handed
backhand volley as far as the forehand
volley we usually just hit one hand
sometimes we hit two and we hit the
biggest difference between the volley
and the ground stroke is a volley we
just make a subtle shoulder turn and
wherever the racket ends up which should
be about in this position 45 degrees the
pitch of the racket is open we're done
so I split step step out notice the
position of the arrow is facing over the
net if I just subtly turn my racket face
arrows now facing into the net and the
ball will go into the net if I hit it
ready position arrows facing over so
from this position I can hit a low ball
up and over the net
I can hit a medium ball which is chest
high over the net I can hit a high ball
which typically is head higher above and
continue forward and hit over the net
low ball medium ball high ball
big big mistake that's made on volleys
is after the split step is a step across
by stepping across I'm off balance my
racket comes way behind me it's
difficult to see and hit the ball ready
position by stepping out i'm forward i
could see everything i'm on balance i
step again with my left foot and hit
sometimes i need more than one step i go
like this
sometimes i need several it's still the
same ready position split step step out
notice the position of the racket the
rackets roughly 45 degrees to the ground
the pitch of the racket is open it's not
flat or ham ball a basic one-handed
volley split steps steps out with his
right foot follows through notice the
angle of the racket you can see the
strings which means the pitch of the
racket is open so chad could hit the
ball whether it's high-low the racket is
always facing over the net